# LearningSTM32
This series attempts to replicate the Blog Article: How to learn a new Microcontroller https://www.embeddedrelated.com/showarticle/1455.php


## 0. GPIOs (Digital Input and Output) and Timers
### 01_BlinkyLed
As the name implies this is the classic busy wait blinky LED with a busy wait. So this is about putting a value on the digital output of the LED pin.

### 02_ButtonPolled
This is about polling the GPIO Button. So this is about capturing the digital in value on the button pin. If the button was pulled, enable the LED for a short period of time to then disable it again.

### 03_ButtonInterrupt
Blink the led in response to an external interrupt, which originates from the button.

### 04_BlinkyLedTimerInterrupt
Here the Led is toggled by a timer interrupt after a long button press. Also make sure to debounce the Button.

### 05_RtosButtonToBlinky
- Pressing a button briefly enables the led
- Pressing a button for a longer period of time toggles the led
- Releasing the button disables the LED
- Implement the Sampling of the Button with an InputHandler Thread. Implement the actuation of the LED by a seperate Task called OutputHandler.

## 1. CLI (UART and Timers)
### 11_PolledEcho
Polled UART IO: read a string in from the terminal emulator and print it back out (echo it). 

### 12_IsrEcho
Interrupt-driven UART input: echo based on input interrupt. Same as before - only report back one character. Make both the RX and the TX part sending and receiving bytes via interrupts.

### 13_CommandLineInterface
- Develop a small CLI which (and this is really up to you which approach of HW-interaction - polled, ISR or DMA on rx and tx side you chose):
  - clears the current screen
  - displays a help menu which lists all commands
  - makes it possible to enable and disable an led

## 2. PWMs
For this project, attach the Buzzer shield and the RGBLed + Encoder shield to the Microcontroller Board.

### 21_BuzzOnCLiCmd
- CLI: 
  - Write a command, which makes it possible to buzz the buzzer.
    - The Cmd shall have 2 arguments 
      - the length of the sound to be generated in Seconds (1ms - 10s)
      - the frequency of the signal that is to be generated. (Between 130 and 2000Hz)
  - Write a command, which plays music on the buzzer
    - This command shall have an argument of which music is to be played - for example the imperial march or the super mario theme
- The PWM Signal is to be generated by the timer peripheral. The timer settings can be manually updated - meaning we do not require an isr or a dma for that matter

### 22_EncoderToRgbLed
- Use the Rotary RGB Click Board
- Inputs
  - Capture the Rotary Encoder's information
  - Capture the Rotary Encoder's Button and extend the existing Button with the Rotary Encoder Button
  - CLI: create a get_encoder command, which returns the current rotation to the user
  - CLI: create a get_btn command, which returns the current button events (all 3 in sequence - short press, release, long-press)
  - CLI: create a set_rgb_led (idx,r,g,b) command, which makes it possible to set the rgb led state of an individual rgb led
  - CLI: create a set_rgb_led_color command, which receives the color as an argument.
- Outputs
  - RgbLed: Write an rgb led driver, which uses a timer output and a dma to send signals to the addressable leds.
- Input -> Output
  - Write an example application, which translates the encoder ticks to the amount of leds being enabled.
  - pressing the Encoder changes the color of all enabled leds from red -> blue -> green -> red -> ...


## 3. Analogs
### 31_McuTemperature
- Sample the Mcu Temperature via the ADC
- Run something very computationally expensive on the microcontroller and observe the temperature going up
- CLI: Write a command, which lets you read the mcu temperature


## 4. Sensors and Actuators (SPI and I2C)
